read author's full sketch2shape work progress detail in this link 

http://danhaive.com/2019/04/09/post.html


Implementation
The implementation consists in a client-server configuration with three modules: the server, the drawing application, and the visualization application. The server is configured using Flask and FlaskIO to implement a fast and fluid communication between clients using sockets. We use a portable wi-fi router with a static IP address to communicate between the server and the clients. The drawing application was written in C# using Unity 3D game engine and built for iOS. We used a 2018 iPad Pro as the main device for the demo. The drawing application implements a raycasting system over a rendered texture to generate the 2D pixel information. This is a somewhat hacky way of implementing a skething interface, but it allows us to use the Unity game engine and compile the application to virtually any platform without further work. Once the user finished their sketch, by pushing the predict button, the app transformed the render texture into an array of RGBA values sent as a JSON object through socket communication (SocketsIO). The server received the JSON object and processed the pixel information in our system. Finally, once received and processed the information on the server side, a 64x64x64 array is sent as JSON object to the second client for visualizing the 3D Model. The C# visualization application consists in a 3D navigator that renders a procedural watertight mesh from the array. We use a procedural mesh algorithm to achieve speed and fluidity in the visualization and avoid rendering occluded meshes. The application is built for WebGL and can thus be hosted on any server, although we have only run it locally thus far.
